hi everyone I hope you real well so it's
the night before my first exam I'm
feeling nervous I'm not gonna lie to you
revising all evening and now I'm just
gonna get my bag ready I popped into
town earlier to get things like a nice
new ruler and a nice new Poe tractor
because my ones from before were like so
chipped and cracked and I just felt like
I did I didn't need that disadvantage in
an exam my exam tomorrow is Earth
practical which is basically identifying
rocks looking at thin sections of rocks
identifying fossils describing them and
also a geological map I feel like I've
done as much preparation as I've done
now like what I know I know I'm doing my
bag ready because like I'm stressed
about um just not getting there like
that's stressful
I've asked asteroid to check on me in
the morning to make sure I'm up because
I just don't trust myself not to sleep
from my alarm I get so paranoid the exam
is not too early
it starts at 10:15 I need to make sure
have breakfast properly beforehand or
fries I feel sick why not I haven't
eaten I need to take my exam card with
me that may disaster if I didn't have
that I've got that here in this envelope
look at these lovely new highlighters
from welcome I'm just we'll run out my
calculator
of course my hand lens will I use it I
don't know but anyway I'm gonna get this
all together okay so I'll just pop my
bag I've got my pencil plates
complete with highlighters colored
pencils for all my map wire what you may
score from be like what they're coloring
in like but actually when the map gets
confusing like it's just so much clearer
to see when there's some color on there
so bottle of water is very important I
might even put into
I'll see in the morning anyway anyway
I'm gonna get to bed because I do need a
good night's sleep for an exam like if I
started all getting sleep now it will
just keep spiraling over like the next
week sorry yeah good night I'll see you
in the morning hopefully there won't be
too stressed okay so I am up oh god yeah
hours time I will it started how scary
is that
I'll be in in an hour's time I'm just
having a quick breakfast I've got some
Frosty's and I'm feeling okay I feel
it's gonna be fine thank you so much
everyone who's wished me luck
or in the comments or on my in my
Instagram comments it's like really
appreciated I feel like everyone's
behind me which is good and like it's
not too big a deal okay it's like it's
only first year it does kind of count
the it's like a warm-up to second and
third year right and I'm just I know I'm
gonna do my best and it's just it's just
so nerve-wracking because it's just you
know like first year exams at uni I
don't know what to expect I'm just I'm
so nervous and so bad with the exam
jitters like I'd literally every single
exam I always I'm so bad I get so
nervous
so yeah I'm gonna self nice and now
tonight I'm thinking I'm gonna eat this
and I'm gonna literally leave because I
do not wanna be like I got fear of that
if my bag is packed and I think I might
actually I don't know depends I might
walk a might cycle we'll see walking
might be more relaxing I don't know okay
I'm setting off I decided to cycle
because I'm so paranoid about being like
I've been a head
[Music]
exams over we went okay now it's raining
I'm hoping this is not like reflecting
how it went because I mean as far as I'm
concerned they say cautiously it's okay
I'm gonna run because it's pouring with
rain
so I've returned from my exam I'm drying
off a little bit but was not very nice
weather but it did not reflect how the
exam won cuz the exam went decently I
think which is good the map was horrible
but we're gonna forget about that but it
was really nice because they brought us
chocolates so I had a chocolate every
time I got a Brooke right or so I
thought to make myself like rewarded and
yeah it's good now I'm gonna relax
because after an exam I like to have
like an hour to kind of recover before I
launch into the next set of revision so
I'm gonna catch up and love Island and
have some of the cookies
Astrid bought me so here's my sandwich I
made love Island about to start that
this is the life I can relax and forget
have any more exams for like an hour and
then I'm gonna go and do some physics
work but until then we need to relax
this is recovery time
so I'm now back to working we're on to
physics the exam is on Saturday yes
Saturday exam why do they decide to do
this to us like do I really want to
spend my Saturday afternoon in an exam
yeah I'm just going over some of the
past paper questions that I've done but
I got wrong and making corrections okay
so it's the evening now and I'm just
relaxing a bit more this evening just
cuz I just I was just so stressed
earlier but then I know also that I've
got exams still like just got one down
we've got more coming so I'm watching
love Ireland but also looking over
physics notes at the same time this is
the new episode of love Ireland by the
way unfortunately I come down to the
course I'm like impeccable timing just
when the exams come around I have to
come down with illness but hopefully
it's not gonna like I mean it's it's
fine in the moment like it's not
bothering me too much as long as it
doesn't get worse and that's fine
good morning so I'm up I'm in my country
study gear that is a nice loose t-shirts
it's a very company very soft leggings
and I've just washed my hair because
it's easier to do that on the days when
I don't have exams when I have a bit
more time in the mornings and I'm not
stressing and I'm about to do a physics
passed paper this is gonna be my last
pass paper before the real thing because
they take three hours and I just I don't
have time to do more than one in detail
today like I could but there's other
things I want to I feel like it's gonna
be useful to me just have a quick flick
through of my notes just to be reminded
of the kind of small details that they
throw into the lecture notes that you
might not remember and I just want to go
through questions I've already done
because a few the questions I've done I
haven't actually probably tied up like
I'll I've got half a career in a
question given up and then not return to
it and that's not very useful I should
go back to them and make sure I can
answer them the full way through so
that's got their D Hey so I'm now lunch
breaking I haven't finished my past
paper yet but I got hungry like with
about half an hour to go on it so I
don't good two and a half hours and like
I can't deny myself food and have
breakfast so I pause the timer I've got
a sandwich and I'm just gonna have that
for a half hour break and I'll get back
to it so the time is now okay so after
today's physics I visioned
I've come to the conclusion that
actually physics isn't that bad like
most questions okay if you just think
them through logically the trouble is
sometimes that logic just fails me and I
just can't think of the answer which is
just a bit of an issue really section a
the physics is my friend like I do
Section A's and they go well if
sectioning those body tomorrow that's a
disaster but I don't I think I have
confidence well I know at least two
questions without failure dimensional
analysis and calculation of errors both
are really standard procedures I've done
tons of times so that'll be fine as long
as the other questions go okay I just
need to not panic
have a habit of panicking and just
thinking to myself oh I don't know the
answer when actually if I look at the
question properly it comes to me I had a
well timed coffee this afternoon so that
I can I'll be fully alert the rest of
the evenings revision okay so I'm
calling at night and I'm going to bed go
do a bit more revision in the morning
it's just that that last-minute cramming
through of like stuff in the notes I'm
thinking of it as I need my toolbox for
physics I need to know a few standard
equations and whatnot and for everything
else I can derive stuff I can work from
it I can think really hard and look at a
question and come up with an answer but
if I don't have my initial tools I'm not
gonna get anywhere a few things like
remembering like the parametric for the
ellipse equation and stuff like that but
I need to remember okay I am up I did
not sleep well last night I've had the
worst coffee ever I've just about held
on to my voice but it's just a nightmare
just kept me up all night
but anyway I'm gonna try and just go
over a few of my notes and we're going
to brunch shortly she'll be good I know
I'm gonna be stressing the whole way
through brunch and I'm taking my
flashcards with me but still
[Music]
okay so I've got myself together I've
got my bike helmet this this exam is in
West Cambridge which is like a 15 20
minute bike ride it's like right across
town I think everything I'm just got to
go fill up my water for the exam and I'm
gonna head off fingers crossed it goes
well okay we're just about to go in yeah
okay exam one appallingly bad me like
I'm just down
I just want how the courses share myself
well it seems to me by myself like
everyone was discussing the paper I had
to like get away now I'm gonna put the
saves Rhys careful things
I've just had something to eat the cost
of dinner which is nice nice food makes
you feel a bit better and then I'm just
gonna start revising for the next one go
to the library so I'm back and I don't
know do you not feel happy like it just
went awful that just was not ideal that
was like the worst exam ever I'm people
are gonna be like you're pre-empting it
like you don't even know what you got
right I know everyone's gonna be that
I'm sure you did fine like you're just
worrying but I act I promise you I
didn't do that great I can tell you that
for a fact
comparing it to how I've done like doing
past papers here it did not go well I'm
sure a lot of you can relate like one of
the exam goes bad it just goes bad I
can't sit here be all moody about it and
cross about it because it's done what's
done is done
I've had a caustic coffee Custer was
great the Koster in town has like a
basement I was like cycling back I was
cycling away as fast as possible because
everyone was like outside the exam hall
like everyone discussing it at length
when I got back just now apparently
they're still discussing it well I
reckon I'm gonna be discussing it for at
least the rest of the evening I can't I
can't hear it I can't I just I feel like
I just want to be alone this evening I
want to be alone no I want to do a
chemistry passed paper because chemistry
is coming up on Monday at least tomorrow
Sunday the day off say hey I think I'm
gonna pop to the library if I stay in my
room people are gonna come up and knock
on my door and asked me how I want and
talk to me and I don't really want to
discuss it and in the library you have
to be silent which works in my favor
at least it's done I'm just glad it's
over
but it looks like physics is not gonna
be a module I'm taking next year that
was for sure
oh I just I'd like to have passed I
don't even know if I passed that or not
it's a pass you have to get 40% I only
hope I'm not even gonna think about it
anymore I'm just gonna get on with the
next one
in the library I did a chemistry pass
paper under exam conditions and then
and here I'm showing off how much work I
got done that evening look at all those
pages of writing morning so it's another
day and I'm about to head off to library
again because yesterday evening yeah I
was so productive I I don't think I've
ever been so productive in my life but I
was in the library from what I don't
know I got there like five thirty you
want to say and I left at like half 11
and I was doing focus work the whole
time like I couldn't honestly say I
wasn't like just playing around on my
phone and I was like probably focusing
anyone feel that I was like wow it's
just the library environment I'm telling
you so I going off today and I'm going
to do another pass paper I've been
blessed with two exams tomorrow two
exams I'm like normally I'd be fine like
when it was GCC's and it was two exams
it was cool looks a little zits - it was
cool but all because that GCSE and
a-level the exams were like Oh an hour
an hour and a half long like they were
never more than an hour and a half when
I had to in the same day but tomorrow
they're both three hours long six hours
of exams I'm gonna be like my brain is
gonna go
unfortunately this evening I've got to
go to a safety briefing for the rowing
races next week and they've organized it
today when I've got I just don't this
evening I what we were risings I've got
two exams next day not going to a safety
briefing but I can't really get out
there it's gonna take at least an hour
probably an hour and a half out of my
schedule but let's get going
okay so I've just put back to my room to
grab my laptop charger because when
laptops camera up choice that's how long
I've been in the library but ya knows
I've been quite productive this morning
I did I took I took a short break for
CAF lunch but I've been back up there
and I think I'm just going to tie up
this chemistry paper I think it would be
a good idea to a maths paper since I
also have math tomorrow we can't forget
that so as I head off for another
library session I'll lenders to look
here if you want to see how the rest of
my exams went be sure to watch part two
of my exams vlogs next week I'd really
appreciate it if you gave the video like
and subscribe down below and that's it
from me bye
[Music]